---
title: unity through incentives
caption: a powerful design pattern using personal and network tokens.
---
## network token

similar to how a personal token represents an individual's potential, a network token represents the potential of a collective.

a network's token will hold equity in its members' personal tokens.

## value of a network

in the same way that the value of a person's token will be far greater than their current portfolio (i.e, sum of the values of their current holdings) because it prices in their future potential,

the value of a network's token will be worth far more than the sum of its current equities in its members because it factors in the future members that will join this network. in other words, it factors in the judgement of its current members about how they grow their network.

## unity through incentives

the network and personal tokens enable us to design a system that reflects the truth that we are in this together.

let's take 3 people who form a network together. and let's say each person held equity in their group's token, and the group's token held equity in each member's personal tokens.

this means that when any one of them succeed, all of them do because each person has a stake in each other's success through their group's token.

## grounded in reality

since a network token will hold equity in personal tokens, its value is grounded in reality through the capital gains generated by its members.

for example, if people value a network highly because they think it will generate a ton of value, but over time it becomes clear that its members don't have the potential to hold valuable equity (i.e, its members won't be generating the capital gains that the world thought they would), the value of their network token will tank.

the market will price in circular references (i.e, people holding equity in their networks that hold equity in people). more fundamentally, the value of a network is grounded in the real profits that it has influenced - that it is "connected" to.

## incentivized to help

when each member holds equity in the collective success of the entire network (including through those who will join this network in the future), it incentivizes a culture of helping each other realize their potentials.

interestingly, in such networks, realizing your potential and realizing your network's potential are one and the same.

